Add H-K lettered article stubs from glossary (#3828)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Juice_Stream/en.md

> # Juice Stream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Juice stream
```

> **Juice streams** are an element element in [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!catch/) which includes both Drops and Droplets. Drops give a score of 100, equivalent to slider ticks in [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!/), while Droplets give a score of 10, equivalent to the [slider tick](#slider-tick) in osu!standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*See also: [Score](/wiki/Score)*

**Juice streams** are an element in [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!catch) that include both Drops and Droplets. Drops give a score of 100, equivalent to slider ticks in [osu!standard](/wiki/Game_Modes/osu!/), while Droplets give a score of 10, equivalent to the [slider tick](#slider-tick) in osu!standard.
```

Missing a Drop breaks the player's combo, but missing a Droplet does not.

> The visual difference between Drops and Droplets is that a Drop is twice as big as Droplets are.

Reviewer: these lines are unneccessary
